{\rtf1\ansi\deflang1024\deff1{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset128 Arial Unicode MS;}
{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset129 Arial Unicode MS;}
{\f5\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset130 Arial Unicode MS;}
{\f6\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset134 Arial Unicode MS;}
{\f7\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset136 Arial Unicode MS;}
{\f8\fswiss\fcharset161 Arial;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset162 Arial;}
{\f10\fswiss\fcharset163 Arial;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset177 Arial;}
{\f12\fswiss\fcharset178 Arial;}
{\f13\fswiss\fcharset186 Arial;}
{\f14\fswiss\fcharset204 Arial;}
{\f15\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset222 Arial Unicode MS;}
{\f16\fswiss\fcharset238 Arial;}
{\f17\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings;}
{\f18\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings 2;}
{\f19\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings 3;}
{\f20\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 ZapfDingbats BT;}
{\f21\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 ZapfDingbats;}
}{\stylesheet
{\widctlpar \f1\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0\fs28\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s5\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \f0\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s6\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \i\f1\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s7\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 7;}
{\s8\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \i\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 8;}
{\s9\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\i\f0\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 9;}
{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s17\widctlpar \f1\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 footnote text;}
{\*\cs18 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}
{\s19\widctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306 \f1\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 header;}
{\s20\widctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306 \f1\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 footer;}
}
{\info{\title Main_Body}{\subject ECU BIT, Health, and Arbitration}{\author Shah, Sunil}{\operator Jackowski, Jason}{\creatim\yr2017\mo06\dy20\hr00\min00}{\revtim\yr2018\mo07\dy10\hr00\min00}}
\par\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0\fs28\kerning28 1 ECU BIT, Health, and Arbitration
\par\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f0 1.1 Power up and ECU BIT
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.1.1 Input
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 None
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [SELECTED PCU RESET]
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.1.2 Output
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [ECU LEVEL 1 FAULT]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [ECU LEVEL 2 FAULT]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [ECU LEVEL 3 FAULT]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [ECU LEVEL 4 FAULT]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [ECU LEVEL 5 FAULT]
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.1.3 Cold Boot BIT
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Cold boot BIT is performed immediately after the application of power to the ECU or a processor reset when the engine is not operating.  In this condition, active assertion of engine control is not critical.  Cold boot BIT verifies as many signals, devices, and control functions as possible before engine control is asserted.  There are three general categories: Cold Boot ECU BIT (typically called "cold boot"), application software inputs and outputs on/off BIT (Cold Boot I/O BIT), and overspeed initiated BIT (ECU Overspeed BIT).  The overspeed initiated BIT is described in Section \{\{OESD_58\}\} of the Overspeed and Engine Shutdown module.  After the BITs are complete, the channel in control is selected.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall complete the entire cold boot BIT within <<cldbt_cmp_tm>> during ECU power-up.
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.1.3.1 Cold Boot ECU BIT
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 A suite of BIT tests sufficient to evaluate capability of the ECU prior to asserting engine control in support of RMSS requirements shall be run at cold boot.\uc1\u160 ? This will minimize the exposure of latent failures to one flight and reduce the overall failure rates\par \pard 
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The outputs in Table 12-562 shall be tested by being commanded off via normal driver commands and independent means via the master kill command during cold boot ECU BIT.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-562. Cold Boot ECU BIT.
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.1.3.2 Cold Boot I/O BIT
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 During a cold boot, each ECU shall activate the outputs listed in Table 12-563 in order to perform both powered and unpowered checks of these outputs.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-563. Cold Boot I/O BIT.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall test both ECU channels during cold boot I/O BIT by:\par \pard (a) Performing cold boot I/O BIT on the inputs and powered outputs from one ECU channel and performing cold boot I/O BIT on the inputs and unpowered outputs from the other ECU channel.\par \pard (b) Repeat Step (a) from the ECU channel that did not complete cold boot I/O BIT on its powered outputs in Step (a).
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.1.3.3 Cold Boot Overspeed BIT
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 A suite of BIT tests sufficient to evaluate capability of the overspeed protection system in support of the overspeed system fault coverage requirements of the system reliability section will be run at cold boot.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.1.4 Warm Boot BIT
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Warm boot will be conducted when the engine is running.  Warm boot BIT is performed immediately after the application of power to the ECU or immediately after the ECU experiences a reset when the engine is operating.  The ECU will run a suite of BIT tests during operation sufficient to evaluate the capability of the ECU in support of the fault coverage requirements of the system reliability section.  Assertion of engine control is critical within this condition.  After warm boot BIT is complete, one engine ECU channel will be the channel in control, and the other ECU channel will be the channel not in control.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall complete the entire warm boot BIT within <<wrmbt_cmp_tm>>.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 A minimal suite of BIT tests sufficient to evaluate capability of the ECU prior to asserting engine control in support of RMSS requirements will be run at warm boot.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If N2 is greater than <<eng_run_flag_thrshld>> at ECU power-up, the ECU shall start a Warm Boot.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If N2 or N1 is greater than <<eng_run_flag_thrshld>> at ECU power-up, the ECU shall start a Warm Boot.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.1.5 Fault and Auto Reset
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall attempt to reset all faults when [SELECTED PCU RESET] is true.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall attempt to reset faults on ECU power-up.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.1.6 ECU BIT
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Some ECU BIT runs on cold boot, some on warm boot, some continuously, and some in the background.  The control system will detect faults internal to the ECU and classify them from Level 1 to Level 5.  Level 1 faults are faults that have no impact on operation.  Level 2 faults are where the ECU is capable of controlling the engine but has lost some BIT that can lead to increased likelihood of a Level 5 event occurring.  A Level 3 fault is where the ECU is capable of controlling the engine but may occasionally take a disruptive action such as CPU reset to accommodate a fault.  Level 4 faults are where the ECU is capable of controlling the engine but individual ECU functions may be lost.  Level 5 faults are faults that result in the ECU not being able to control the engine.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The ECU will run a suite of BIT tests during operation sufficient to evaluate the capability of the control system in support of the fault coverage requirements of the system reliability section to reduce overall failure rates
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The control system shall set [ECU LEVEL 1 FAULT] to TRUE if internal ECU faults are present that have no impact on ECU operation.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The control system shall set [ECU LEVEL 2 FAULT] to TRUE if internal ECU faults are present where the ECU is capable of controlling the engine but has experienced a failure that results in increased likelihood of a Level 5 event occurring (typically, loss of a protective feature that prevents certain failures from becoming Level 5 events).
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The control system shall set [ECU LEVEL 3 FAULT] to TRUE if internal ECU faults are present where the ECU is capable of controlling the engine but can take a disruptive action (such as CPU reset) to accommodate a fault.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The control system shall set [ECU LEVEL 4 FAULT] to TRUE if internal ECU faults are present where the ECU is capable of controlling the engine but individual ECU functions may be lost.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The control system shall set [ECU LEVEL 5 FAULT] to TRUE if internal ECU faults are present that result in the ECU not being able to control the engine (indicated by Degrade Mode 3 or master kill set true).
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Upon detection of [ECU LEVEL 5 FAULT], the following outputs shall be commanded off via normal shutoff means:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? All torque motor drivers\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? All high side drivers, except for overspeed shutoff\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? All low side drivers\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? All data bus communications
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Upon detection of [ECU LEVEL 5 FAULT], the following outputs shall be commanded off via normal shutoff means:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? All torque motor drivers\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? All high side drivers\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? All low side drivers\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? All data bus communications
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.1.6.1 Stop Check Active
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Stop Check is performed at the end of a flight to check for faults.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Stop Check shall be activated when the engine is at the end of a shutdown, near roll-down, while on ground.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 During Stop Check, each ECU shall test the outputs in Table 12-564 in order to perform both on/off checks.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-564. Stop Check.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The control system shall deactivate the Stop Check when the output check has completed.
\par\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f0 1.2 Master Kill
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.2.1 Inputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL METERING VALVE TORQUE MOTOR OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL PROPELLER PITCH CONTROLLER OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [SELECTED CHANNEL ID]
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.2.2 Outputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL MASTER KILL COMMAND]
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.2.3 Master Kill Command
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The control system will provide capability for the Application Software to disable the PCC driver outputs with a single command.  This function is also known as the software master kill command.  Master kill activates the independent shutoff means for all outputs so equipped.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If any of the conditions in Table 12-465 are detected, the channel in control shall set [LOCAL CHANNEL MASTER KILL COMMAND] to true if the cross-channel master kill is not already commanded, the cross-channel is not in Degrade Mode 3, and the local channel bus is healthy.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-465.  Master Kill CIC Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If any of the conditions in Table 12-466 are detected, the channel not in control shall set [LOCAL CHANNEL MASTER KILL COMMAND] to true if the cross-channel master kill is not already commanded.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-466. Master Kill CNIC Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall command all of the outputs in Table 12-467 off via normal means when [LOCAL CHANNEL MASTER KILL COMMAND] is true.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-467.  Master Kill Drivers and Torque Motors
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 All drivers equipped with an independent shutoff means (torque motor drivers and high side drivers, except for overspeed shutoff and low side drivers) shall be commanded off via the independent shutoff means when [LOCAL CHANNEL MASTER KILL COMMAND] is true.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 All drivers equipped with an independent shutoff means (torque motor drivers, high side drivers, and low side drivers) shall be commanded off via the independent shutoff means when [LOCAL CHANNEL MASTER KILL COMMAND] is true.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL MASTER KILL COMMAND] alone shall neither interrupt cross-channel communication, cross-engine communication, or CPU operation, nor cause a reboot.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL MASTER KILL COMMAND] shall be latched until the underlying faults have cleared and an auto-reset occurs or the Stop Check is active.
\par\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f0 1.3 Channel Health
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.3.1 Local-Channel Health
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Health scores are used to assess the overall health of a channel in single and multiple fault conditions.  Individual and multiple related faults are assigned to 1 of 10 health score categories.  The various health score categories each have an assigned weighting factor and the overall health score is a rollup of the scores of each category.  This information is used in determining which channel should be in control.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 There shall be <<num_ch_hlth_lvls>> health score levels, each with a set of fault conditions based on their severity.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Each ECU channel shall calculate health level scores based on confirmed fault conditions detected within the channel and their associated health level.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Each ECU channel shall calculate a channel health score by summing each level's health score.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Each ECU channel shall calculate the health level score for Level 1 through Level 6 by multiplying the weighting factor by the number of faults that exist at that level.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Each ECU channel shall calculate the health level score for Level 7 through Level 10 as the level weighting factor if one or more faults from that level exist.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The signals listed referenced in the following requirements shall be local channel faults unless explicitly defined as overall or difference signals:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_51\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_118\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_120\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_122\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_124\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_126\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_128\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_130\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_132\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_134
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The signals listed referenced in the following requirements shall be local channel faults unless explicitly defined as overall or difference signals:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_139\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_418\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_140\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_141\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_142\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_143\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_144\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_145\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_146\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_436
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 1, defined as the loss of all sources of a static signal after a valid reading has been obtained with no effect on this flight, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_1_wf>> when any condition with a channel health level of 1 in Table 12-77 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-77.  Level 1 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 1, defined as the loss of all sources of a static signal after a valid reading has been obtained or loss of a redundant system with no effect on this flight, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_1_wf>> when any condition with a channel health level of 1 in Table 12-419 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-419.  Level 1 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 2, defined as the loss of a single source of a redundant signal and a reduction in functional reliability, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_2_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 2 in Table 12-420 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-420.  Level 2 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 2, defined as the loss of a single source of a redundant signal and a reduction in functional reliability, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_2_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 2 in Table 12-421 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-421.  Level 2 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 3, defined as the loss of a function not related to engine control that is not included at Level 5 or Level 6, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_3_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 3 in Table 12-422 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-422.  Level 3 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 3, defined as the loss of a function not critical to engine control that is not included at Level 5 or Level 6, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_3_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 3 in Table 12-423 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-423.  Level 3 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 4, defined as the loss of an engine control protective function, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_4_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 4 in Table 12-424 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-424.  Level 4 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 4, defined as the loss of EGT, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_4_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 4 in Table 12-425 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-425.  Level 4 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 5, defined as the loss of an engine control or monitoring function that is not included at Level 3 or Level 6, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_5_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 5 in Table 12-426 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-426.  Level 5 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 5, defined as the loss of TT2 sensor or PS sensor, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_5_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 5 in Table 12-427 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-427.  Level 5 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 6, defined as the loss of an engine control or monitoring function where some other undetected failure would result in an IFSD/LOTC so this would inhibit a subsequent ground start or cause an inability to feather the propeller, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_6_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 6 in Table 12-428 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-428.  Level 6 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 6, defined as the loss of PLA, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_6_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 6 in Table 12-429 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-429.  Level 6 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 7, defined as the loss of reverse power function that does not include risk of inadvertent deployment, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_7_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 7 in Table 12-430 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-430.  Level 7 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 7, defined as a non-critical ECU failure, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_7_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 7 in Table 12-431 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-431.  Level 7 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 8, defined as the loss of enough functionality to require reversion to non-dispatchable Degrade Mode 1, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_8_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 8 in Table 12-432 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-432.  Level 8 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 8, defined as the loss of P3 sensor, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_8_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 8 in Table 12-433 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-433.  Level 8 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 9, defined as the loss of enough functionality to require reversion to fixed idle power, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_9_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 9 in Table 12-434 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-434.  Level 9 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 9, defined as the loss of N1 or N2 requiring reversion to MIEC Mode, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_9_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 9 in Table 12-435 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-435.  Level 9 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 10, defined as the loss of enough functionality to require an engine shutdown for Degrade Mode 3, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_10_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 10 in Table 12-437 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-437.  Level 10 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set Health Score Level 10, defined as the loss of enough functionality to require an engine shutdown for Degrade Mode 3, with a Weighting Factor of <<ch_hlth_lvl_10_wf>> when any of the conditions with a channel health level of 10 in Table 12-438 are present.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Table 12-438 Level.  10 Channel Health Conditions.
\par\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f0 1.4 Arbitration
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Channel Arbitration determines which channel should be the CIC of the engine at any time.  After Cold Boot, the channel previously used for control becomes the CIC.  During normal ground starts, the CIC swaps just below engine idle.  When faults occur and the two ECUs can share their status via the CCDL, the CIC will generally be the more capable channel based on health score and degrade mode status, although small differences in health score do not drive a channel swap.  If CCDL receive capability is lost by one channel, it takes control and the other channel becomes the standby channel.  If CCDL receive capability is lost by both channels, both will put themselves in control (this requires a very rare dual failure mode or three or four failures).  The general criteria used to determine this strategy is summarized below:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Tolerant to intermittents on one or both CCDLs as first or second failure, or bi-directionally.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Tolerant to simultaneous brief (1-frame) upsets on both CCDLs.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Tolerant to one-time or repeated reset of one channel.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Two-fault tolerance with full functionality with respect to CCDL faults.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? No two-fault scenario leaves two channels in control (bi-directional CCDL loss putting both channels in control is permissible).\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Needs to indicate proper dispatch on next power cycle.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Covers three-fault conditions reasonably, if essentially free.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 Channel Arbitration determines which channel should be the CIC of the engine at any time.  After Cold Boot, ECU Channel A becomes the CIC.  When faults occur, and the two ECUs can share their status via the CCDL, the CIC will generally be the more capable channel based on health score and degrade mode status, although small differences in health score do not drive a channel swap.  If CCDL receive capability is lost by one channel, it attempts to take control and the other channel becomes the standby channel.  If CCDL receive capability is lost by both channels, both will attempt to put themselves in control with Channel A having the capability of taking control via the mode control solenoid (this condition requires a very rare dual failure mode or three or four failures).  If ECU Channel A detects that ECU Channel B is not receiving data from it, then ECU Channel A will make ECU Channel B the CIC if Channel B can control the engine.  The general criteria used to determine this strategy is summarized below:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Tolerant to intermittents on one or both CCDLs as first or second failure, or bi-directionally.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Tolerant to simultaneous brief (1-frame) upsets on both CCDLs.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Tolerant to one-time or repeated reset of one channel.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Two-fault tolerance with full functionality with respect to CCDL faults.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? No two-fault scenario leaves two channels in control (bi-directional CCDL loss putting both channels in control is permissible).\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Needs to indicate proper dispatch on next power cycle.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Covers three-fault conditions reasonably, if essentially free.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.4.1 Inputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [SELECTED PCU RESET]
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.4.2 Primary Selection
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 After a Cold Boot BIT is complete, the engine control system shall set the channel in control to the NVM logged last channel in control.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall change the channel in control during ground engine starts when N2 reaches <<n2_channel_swap>>.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 After a Cold Boot is complete, if no ECU channel has a lower health score by <<hlth_swch>> points and both ECU channels have equal degrade modes, ECU Channel A shall be the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 After a Warm Boot is complete, if no ECU channel has a lower health score by <<hlth_swch>> points and both ECU channels have equal degrade modes, the first ECU channel that powered up shall be the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 After a Warm Boot is complete, if the following conditions are met, the engine control system shall set the CIC to ECU Channel A:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? No ECU channel has a lower health score by <<hlth_swch>> points.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Both ECU channels have equal degrade modes.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? It cannot be determined which ECU channel powered up first.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.4.3 Backup Selection
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The following requirements shall determine the CIC, in the priority shown listed:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_472\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_474\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_475\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_476\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_478\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_479\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_480\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_481\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_483
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The following requirements shall determine the CIC, in the priority shown listed:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_472\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_496\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_497\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_468\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_469\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_474\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_475\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_476\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_478\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_479\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_480\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_498\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_484\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_499\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? EBHA_485
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If an ECU channel is in Degrade Mode 3 or its local channel master kill command is true, it shall not attempt to put itself in control.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 NOTE: If both ECU channels are in Degrade Mode 3 causing a minimum fuel flow engine shutdown, neither channel will be CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 After a Cold Boot is complete, if an ECU channel has a lower health score by <<hlth_swch>> points or a lower degrade mode, it shall be the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 After a Warm Boot is complete, if an ECU channel has a lower health score by <<hlth_swch>> points or a lower degrade mode, it shall be the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If [SELECTED PCU RESET] is true, the ACU shall take control of the engine if it is able to control the engine.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If [SELECTED PCU RESET] is true, the PCU shall take control of the engine if the ACU is not able to control the engine.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If both ECU channels have CCDL receive capability and one channel is master-killed, the other channel shall be the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If both ECU channels have CCDL receive capability and at least one channel is in a degrade mode, the channel with the lower degrade mode shall be the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If both ECU channels have CCDL receive capability and both channels have equal degrade modes, the channel with a channel health score at least <<hlth_swch>> lower than the other channel shall be the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If the following conditions occur:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Both ECU channels have CCDL receive capability.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Both ECU channels have equal degrade modes.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Both ECU channel health scores are within <<hlth_swch>>.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Both channels have put themselves in control.\par \pard The following shall occur:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Channel A becomes the CIC .\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Channel B remove itself from control.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If the following conditions occur, Channel A shall be the CIC:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Both ECU channels have CCDL receive capability.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Both ECU channels have equal degrade modes.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Both ECU channel health scores are within <<hlth_swch>>.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Neither ECU channel is the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If the following conditions occur, the current CIC shall remain in control:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Both ECU channels have CCDL receive capability.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Both ECU channels have equal degrade modes.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Both ECU channel health scores are within <<hlth_swch>>.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? One ECU channel is the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If the CCDL is failed to one or both ECU channels and an ECU channel loses CCDL receiving capability, that channel shall be the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If the CCDL is failed to one or both ECU channels and an ECU channel loses CCDL receiving capability, that channel shall attempt to be the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 NOTE: If both ECU channels lose CCDL receiving capability, both channels will attempt to be the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If the CCDL is failed to one or both ECU channels and an ECU channel detects that the other channel has lost CCDL receiving capability, it shall be the CIC if the other channel is not the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If ECU Channel A detects ECU Channel B is not receiving data from it, then ECU Channel A shall make ECU Channel B the CIC if not in control already, unless ECU Channel B is unable to control the engine.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If ECU Channel A or both ECU Channels lose CCDL receiving capability, ECU Channel A shall be the CIC.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 If CCDL communication fails and then recovers, the engine control system shall set the CIC to the ECU channel with a lower health score by <<hlth_swch>> points or a lower degrade mode; otherwise, the ECU channel that was previously the CIC remains the CIC if no ECU channel has a lower health score by <<hlth_swch>> points and both ECU channels have equal degrade modes.
\par\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f0 1.5 Degrade Modes
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.5.1 Inputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [ENGINE RUNNING]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [OVERALL LOSS OF PROPELLER PITCH CONTROLLER OUTPUT]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [ENGINE STOPPED]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [SELECTED PS]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [SELECTED ENGINE ID]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [SELECTED WOW]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [ENGINE IDLE]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [SELECTED P3 PRESSURE]
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.5.2 Outputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 1]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 2]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 3]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL MIEC MODE]
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.5.3 Degrade Modes Overview
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system will operate in one normal and three degraded conditions:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Normal condition:  All components operating correctly or redundant sensors and effectors in use with no impact on functional operation of the engine.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Degrade Mode 1: The engine control system will enter Degrade Mode 1 when a control function needed to maintain power and engine response capability is lost.  The engine control system will reduce maximum engine power or response to throttle movement or both to maintain safe engine operation while operating in Degrade Mode 1.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Degrade Mode 2: The engine control system will enter Degrade Mode 2 when a loss of the ability to control the engine above idle speed occurs.  The engine control system will reduce engine power to idle while operating in Degrade Mode 2 for all faults except for a PLA difference fault.  For a PLA difference fault, the current engine power level will be held until one PLA is reduced to idle, at which time the engine control system will revert to idle.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Degrade Mode 3: The engine control system will enter Degrade Mode 3 when a loss of sensors or effectors needed to operate the engine at any speed occurs.  A minimum fuel flow will be commanded to shut down the engine.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? The engine control system will select Degrade Mode 3 above other degrade modes and will select Degrade Mode 2 over Degrade Mode 1.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system will operate in one normal and four degraded conditions:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Normal condition: All components operating correctly or redundant sensors and effectors in use with no impact on functional operation of the engine.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? MIEC Mode: MIEC mode is defined as a complete loss of direct measurement capability of LP Rotor Speed, HP Rotor Speed, Engine Inlet Temperature, or any combination of these or NH/NL cross-check fault.  When the control system is operating in MIEC mode, it will still control the engine with reduced performance.  MIEC mode will start Degrade Mode 1.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Degrade Mode 1: The engine control system will enter Degrade Mode 1 when a control function needed to maintain power and engine response capability is lost.  The engine control system will reduce maximum engine power or response to throttle movement or both to maintain safe engine operation while operating in Degrade Mode 1.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Degrade Mode 2: The engine control system will enter Degrade Mode 2 when a loss of the ability to control the engine above idle speed occurs.  A fixed part-power thrust will be set while operating in Degrade Mode 2.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Degrade Mode 3: The engine control system will enter Degrade Mode 3 when a loss of sensors or effectors needed to operate the engine at any speed occurs.  A minimum fuel flow will be commanded to shut down the engine.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? The engine control system will select Degrade Mode 3 above other degrade modes and will select Degrade Mode 2 over Degrade Mode 1.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.5.4 Degrade Mode 1
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall latch [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 1] to true when any of the following occur while the engine is not starting:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel N2 fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel propeller pitch controller fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel torque transducer bridge fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel P3 fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel main metering valve fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel propeller pitch controller torque motor fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel metering valve torque motor fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Overall main metering valve fault while [ENGINE RUNNING] is true.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Overall P3 fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? [OVERALL LOSS OF PROPELLER PITCH CONTROLLER OUTPUT] is true.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Overall exhaust gas temperature fault while [ENGINE RUNNING] is true.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Overall torque fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? TT2 is using its default value.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 1] to true when any of the following occur while the engine is not starting:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Overall P3 engine sensors fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? MIEC mode is active.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Overall EGT faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system will reduce maximum engine power or response to throttle movement or both to maintain safe engine operation while operating in Degrade Mode 1.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall attempt to reset [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 1] to false when any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? An auto-reset occurs and the underlying faults listed in EBHA_63 no longer exist and have reset.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? The opposite channel is in control, the control system is not in a degrade mode, the bus is healthy, and the underlying faults listed in EBHA_63 no longer exist and have reset.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.5.5 MIEC Mode
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set [LOCAL CHANNEL MIEC MODE] to true when any of the following conditions exist:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel N1 is faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel N2 is faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? TT2 is using the default value.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? N1 to N2 difference fault is detected.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The conditions for EBHA_153 will be latched by the engine control system.  This will effectively latch MIEC mode until all of those underlying conditions are cleared.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.5.6 Degrade Mode 2
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall latch [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 2] to true when any of the following occur:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Propeller pitch controller torque motor reverse fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Total loss of PLA.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? P3 fault and main metering valve fault while [ENGINE RUNNING] is true.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Torque fault and either [OVERALL LOSS OF PROPELLER PITCH CONTROLLER OUTPUT] is true or both main metering valve fault and [ENGINE RUNNING] is true.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 2] to true when the PLA is faulted and the PLA difference fault is healthy.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system will reduce engine power to idle while operating in Degrade Mode 2 for all faults except for a PLA difference fault.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system will set a fixed part-power thrust while operating in Degrade Mode 2.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall hold the current engine power level while operating in Degrade Mode 2 for a PLA difference fault until one PLA is reduced to idle, at which time the engine control system reverts to idle.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall attempt to reset [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 2] to false when an auto-reset occurs and the underlying faults listed in EBHA_65 no longer exist and have reset.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.5.7 Degrade Mode 3
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall latch [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 3] to true when any of the following conditions occur:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? De-oil supply solenoid on fault on ground while [ENGINE STOPPED] is true.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? De-oil scavenge solenoid on fault on ground while [ENGINE STOPPED] is true.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Exhaust gas temperature fault on ground while [ENGINE STOPPED] is true.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Main metering valve fault while [ENGINE STOPPED] is true.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel metering valve torque motor fault, local channel propeller pitch controller torque motor fault, and either cross-channel metering valve torque motor signal or cross-channel propeller pitch controller torque motor signal is healthy.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Reverse pitch solenoid on fault and either [OVERALL LOSS OF PROPELLER PITCH CONTROLLER OUTPUT] is true or propeller pitch controller torque motor fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? At least <<dg3_count>> of the following local channel faults: N2 fault, main metering valve fault, torque transducer bridge fault, propeller pitch controller fault, and either metering valve torque motor fault or propeller pitch controller torque motor fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? [SELECTED PS] is using its default value.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? [SELECTED ENGINE ID] is using its default value.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Software version check locking fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel set critical Degrade Mode 3 condition.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Feather solenoid on fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? N2 fault.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 3] to true when any of the following conditions occur:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Invalid Engine ID.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? ECU Level 5 fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel metering valve LVDT fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel CGV LVDT fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel CGV torque motor fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Local channel metering valve torque motor fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? P3 fault and synthesized P3 fault.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Loss of overall Ps.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Mode transfer solenoid failed off and [SELECTED CHANNEL ID] is Channel A.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Degraded Mode 1 or 2 is set and [ENGINE RUNNING] is false and [SELECTED WOW] is true.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? MIEC mode is selected and [SELECTED P3 PRESSURE] is less than<<p3_min_thresh>> for <<p3_min_thresh_tmr>>.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall command an engine shutdown while operating in Degrade Mode 3.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall command a minimum fuel flow while operating in Degrade Mode 3.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall attempt to reset [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 3] to false when any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? An auto-reset occurs when the underlying faults listed in EBHA_67 no longer exist and have reset.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? The opposite channel is in control, the control system is not in a degrade mode, the bus is healthy, and the underlying faults listed in EBHA_67 no longer exist and have reset.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The engine control system shall set [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE] in the following priority:\par \pard \cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? 3 if [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 3] is true.\par \pard \cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? 2 if [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 2] is true.\par \pard \cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? 1 if [LOCAL CHANNEL DEGRADE MODE 1] is true.\par \pard \cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? 0 otherwise.
\par\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f0 1.6 High Side and Low Side Drivers
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.6.1 ATS Permit
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.1.1 Inputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 None
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.1.2 Outputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL STARTER PERMIT OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED OFF]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL STARTER PERMIT LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL STARTER PERMIT HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL STARTER PERMIT OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.1.3 Starter Permit BIT
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL STARTER PERMIT OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED OFF] shall be set to TRUE when any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Starter Permit Low Side Driver Fail Off BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? High Side Driver Fail Off BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Open Load BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? High Side Short to Ground/Shorted Load BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL STARTER PERMIT LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Starter Permit Low Side Short to Ground/Low Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Low Side Short to Ground BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Low Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL STARTER PERMIT HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when the Starter Permit High Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL STARTER PERMIT OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when [LOCAL CHANNEL STARTER PERMIT LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] is TRUE and [LOCAL CHANNEL STARTER PERMIT HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] is TRUE.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.6.2 Mode Transfer Solenoid
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.2.1 Inputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 None
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.2.2 Outputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL MODE TRANSFER SOLENOID OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED OFF]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL MODE TRANSFER SOLENOID LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL MODE TRANSFER SOLENOID HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL MODE TRANSFER SOLENOID OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.2.3 Mode Transfer Solenoid BIT
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL MODE TRANSFER SOLENOID OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED OFF] shall be set to TRUE when the channel is Channel A and any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Mode Transfer Solenoid Low Side Driver Fail Off BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? High Side Driver Fail Off BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Open Load BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? High Side Short to Ground/Shorted Load BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL MODE TRANSFER SOLENOID LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when the channel is Channel A and any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Mode Transfer Solenoid Low Side Short to Ground/Low Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Low Side Short to Ground BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Low Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL MODE TRANSFER SOLENOID HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when the channel is Channel A and the Mode Transfer Solenoid High Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL MODE TRANSFER SOLENOID OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when [LOCAL CHANNEL MODE TRANSFER SOLENOID LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] is TRUE and [LOCAL CHANNEL MODE TRANSFER SOLENOID HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] is TRUE.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.6.3 Load Inhibit
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.3.1 Inputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 None
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.3.2 Outputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL LOAD INHIBIT OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED OFF]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL LOAD INHIBIT LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL LOAD INHIBIT HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL LOAD INHIBIT OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.3.3 Load Inhibit BIT
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL LOAD INHIBIT OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED OFF] shall be set to TRUE when any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Load Inhibit Low Side Driver Fail Off BIT is confirmed faulted\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? High Side Driver Fail Off BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Open Load BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? High Side Short to Ground/Shorted Load BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL LOAD INHIBIT LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Load Inhibit Low Side Short to Ground/Low Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Low Side Short to Ground BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Low Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL LOAD INHIBIT HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when the Load Inhibit High Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL LOAD INHIBIT OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when [LOCAL CHANNEL LOAD INHIBIT LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] is TRUE and [LOCAL CHANNEL LOAD INHIBIT HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] is TRUE.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.6.4 Ignition Relay
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.4.1 Outputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL IGNITION RELAY OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED OFF]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL IGNITION RELAY LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL IGNITION RELAY HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL IGNITION RELAY OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.4.2 Ignition Relay BIT
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL IGNITION RELAY OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED OFF] shall be set to TRUE when any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Ignition Relay Low Side Driver Fail Off BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? High Side Driver Fail Off BIT is confirmed faulted\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Open Load BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? High Side Short to Ground/Shorted Load BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL IGNITION RELAY LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Ignition Relay Low Side Short to Ground/Low Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Low Side Short to Ground BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Low Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL IGNITION RELAY HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when the Ignition Relay High Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL IGNITION RELAY OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when [LOCAL CHANNEL IGNITION RELAY LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] is TRUE and [LOCAL CHANNEL IGNITION RELAY HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] is TRUE.
\par\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \f0 1.6.5 Overspeed Solenoid
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.5.1 Outputs
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL OVERSPEED SOLENOID OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED OFF]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL OVERSPEED SOLENOID LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL OVERSPEED SOLENOID HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 [LOCAL CHANNEL OVERSPEED SOLENOID OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON]
\par\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f0 1.6.5.2 Overspeed Solenoid BIT
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL OVERSPEED SOLENOID OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED OFF] shall be set to TRUE when any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Overspeed Solenoid Low Side Driver Fail Off BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? High Side Driver Fail Off BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Open Load BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? High Side Short to Ground/Shorted Load BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL OVERSPEED SOLENOID LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when any of the following conditions are met:\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Overspeed Solenoid Low Side Short to Ground/Low Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Low Side Short to Ground BIT is confirmed faulted.\par \pard 	\cchs1 \uc1\u9679 ? Low Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL OVERSPEED SOLENOID HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when the Overspeed Solenoid High Side Driver Fail On BIT is confirmed faulted.
\par\pard\plain \plain \widctlpar \f1\fs20 The [LOCAL CHANNEL OVERSPEED SOLENOID OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] shall be set to TRUE when [LOCAL CHANNEL OVERSPEED SOLENOID LOW SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] is TRUE and [LOCAL CHANNEL OVERSPEED SOLENOID HIGH SIDE OUTPUT DRIVER FAILED ON] is TRUE.
}